[material-ui][docs] Add v5 to v6 migration guide (#41561)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/migration-v5/migration-v5.md

# Migrating to v6

<p class="description">This guide explains how and why to migrate from Material UI v5 to v6.</p>

## Start using the alpha release

> In the `package.json` file, change the version of the package to `next`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `package.json` file, change the package version from `latest` to `next`.
```

> ```diff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff title="package.json"
```

Fancy lil docs-infra component for you

-"@mui/material": "latest",
+"@mui/material": "next",
```

> Using `next` ensures that it will always use the latest v6 alpha release, but you can also use a fixed version, like `6.0.0-alpha.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `next` ensures your project always uses the latest v6 alpha release.
Alternatively, you can also target and fix it to a specific version, for example, `6.0.0-alpha.0`.
```

## Breaking changes

> Since v6 is a major release, it contains some changes that affect the public API.
> Below are described the steps you need to make to migrate from Material UI v5 to v6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v6 is a new major release, it contains some changes that affect the public API.
The steps you need to take to migrate from Material UI v5 to v6 are described below.
```

Reviewer 2: Note, when writing product names, like Material UI, Pigment CSS etc, you need to use non-breaking space between them (option + space on Mac e.g.).

Author: Fixed 👍🏼

# Migrating to v6

<p class="description">This guide explains how and why to migrate from Material UI v5 to v6.</p>

## Start using the alpha release

In the `package.json` file, change the package version from `latest` to `next`.

```diff title="package.json"
-"@mui/material": "latest",
+"@mui/material": "next",
```

Using `next` ensures your project always uses the latest v6 alpha release.
Alternatively, you can also target and fix it to a specific version, for example, `6.0.0-alpha.0`.

## Breaking changes

Since v6 is a new major release, it contains some changes that affect the public API.
The steps you need to take to migrate from Material UI v5 to v6 are described below.

:::info
This list is a work in progress.

> It will be updated as new breaking changes are introduced.

Author: I missed it 😅
